Rebalance pack
	From user podank:
			Limit each mod to only needing things from itself, and TFC,
		instead of making players slog through many different mods for certain items
		"don't make me figure out how to make a Defense Turret in whatever MOD that is 
		before i can even shock a zombie with my wand.
		I think for instance that either Refined Iron needs to be toned down to Wrought Iron, 
		or converted to Steel, in the thaumcraft recipies. 
		not sure what to do for refined gold but same complaint."
			In P.S.: "the thermostatic harness. it had a bunch of stuff from other 
		mods in it--they weren't a problem in themselves, they were a nice multi step process. 
		the problem was needing refined iron to make the nuggets to make the transistor...
		so i am not suggesting we eliminate other mods stuff from every recipe, 
		but just dont make me have to go deep into some other mod to do stuff in another...
		except for TFC as the root of all mods..."
	From user Simmareth:
		"[disable sapling drops] for managing tree farming. Making the saplings an acquired item during the iron age by way of a recipe involving leaves or cuttings. Good way to reflect on the advances of agriculture during the iron age, in this case Arboriculture and the related forestry-based industries."
		Aggrees with mod separation suggestion
		
		
	Ramblings from Elexorien:
		Place Greatwood and Silverwood farther into TFC by requiring higher tier metal axes to harvest? (ie.
		Greatwood needs wrought iron or better, Silverwood needs Black Steel...)
		
		Create Thaumcraft research node for making Thaumium Anvil? (required to be made in either the Arcane
		Workbench or the Infusion Alter)
		
		If so, push back thaumic steel tools into TC research nodes? (ie. Must research the tools to be able to smith
		them on the Anvil)
		
		Prospecting Focus:  Now that latest version of TFC's ProPick can detect mod ores (Thaumcraft shards), this
		can either be removed or reimplimented to do other things.
			Thoughts:  Some interface to "select" a stone type.  Using the focus will tell you the general
			direction to go when looking for a particular type of rock (Gabbro/Salt/Quartz/GRAPHITE etc...)
			Equivalent Exchange 2 style "buff" that increases the range at cost of accuracy (ie. can scan 100
			blocks away but higher chance of false negitive)
